# 2.0 — Conclusions

Looking mainly at policy, the Labour government's first year looks pretty healthy, with caveats. Some removals of bad policies from the previous government, some inherited programmes carried over the line, lots of sensible new programmes, and some optimism on the longer horizons. Finally, a national wealth fund that has the 'promise' of adding strong income entries to the budget and a realistic plan for net-zero, that also strengthens national security. Welfare is clearly struggling, where longer term changes may be better brought forward, and leaning on the 'black hole' in the finances has 'felt' like an old line for a while already, even if there's some justification for it.

Minor optics drama and limited scandals compared to the previous government, but cases can be made from either position for many controversial decisions. Better decisions could have been made generally, especially on order of events, cancelling welfare systems before better schemes were in place, or making statements that were then rolled back because of pressure. [impact-hypothetical] U-turns are bad for stability, but generally good for outcomes, even if it puts some artificial limits on other options. There's also debate to be had on the limitations of current fiscal policy, but some legislative steps (and more to be expected) can mitigate some of the harm of those restrictions.

Better Britain would like to see clearer communication, especially on more complex or long-term policies, and more cohesion to keep drama from turning into yet more PR crises. This government often chooses to drop problematic individuals, perhaps out of a fear of optics, while they have a pretty strong policy base to build on and should be championing it openly instead of chasing the news cycle and responding to drama with reshuffles that risk overturning the cart. There's more research to be done on press coverage and public opinion, but this Better Britain Bureau policy-review concludes: 'Not that bad', C+.

The complete set of policies considered follows for your assessment...